I would go out after dinner, my bright new boots squeaking into the white world, on the
seaward hill, to call on Jim and Dan and Jack, and to pad through the still streets, leaving
huge deep footprints on the hidden pavements.
The silent, one-clouded heavens drifted onto the sea.
We returned home through the poor streets where only a few children fumbled with bare
red fingers.
In the will, rutted snow, and cat-called after us, their voices fading away as we trudged
uphill into the cries of the dark birds and the hooting of ships out in the whirling bay.
And then at tea, the recovered uncles would be jolly, and the ice-cake looked in the center
of the table like a marble grave.
Auntie Hannah laced her tea with rum, because it was only once a year.